it's hard to say what your favorite of anything is there a number of things
that were great favorites of mine and I'd have to say the class
that I enjoyed the most and that got the most excited about was when
I took a course in fortran four program and I did that one of the
first two measures after got the marine corps and I need I just love
programming it made sense to me I enjoyed it I could do good stuff
I did stuff the professor said was really very unusual for somebody
at my level showed the entire class and example I'd done when I had
written the new elegant and very efficient program for inverting in
matrix and that just was so exciting to me I'd many a time I stay all
night at the computing center doing computing going home